QA Automation CGI Interview Questions

Selenium WebDriver: 
1️⃣ What are different types of locators in Selenium? 
2️⃣ When do you use Xpath over CSS locators? 
3️⃣ How to get a specific value from a dropdown and reuse it in verifications? 
4️⃣ When do we use JavaScript Executors? 
5️⃣ Is it possible to validate Captcha using Selenium? If yes, how? 
6️⃣ What should be the ideal way to store data using Selenium WebDriver only? 
7️⃣ Is it possible to use Xpath like parent/child/node/.. ? If yes, provide an example where to use it? 
8️⃣ What happens if you receive browser notifications during test automation execution? 
9️⃣ Why does Stale Element Exception occur, and how to handle it? 
🔟 What is Invalid Certificate Exception? 

APIs: 
1️⃣ What are the components of an HTTP request? 
2️⃣ What is the difference between API and unit testing? 
3️⃣ What is an HTTP response? 
4️⃣ How can we add validation points in Postman? 
5️⃣ What do you understand by server-side validation? 
6️⃣ What is 3-tier architecture? 
7️⃣ What is the difference between web services and APIs? 
8️⃣ What is REST, SOAP, and GraphQL in APIs? 
9️⃣ What do you test in standalone APIs? 
🔟 What do you test in 3rd-party integrated APIs? 

Postman:
1️⃣ When to use collections, environments, and global variables? 
2️⃣ How to execute a collection end-to-end? 
3️⃣ How to validate that an API response has the correct status code? 
4️⃣ What happens when an API response returns Form Data instead of JSON, and how to validate it? 
5️⃣ How to set up Basic Auth in Postman? 
6️⃣ Where do you store environment credentials? 
7️⃣ How to save a demo response for an API request? 
8️⃣ How will you validate an API request if VPN is required for it to work? 
9️⃣ How do you filter results in an API request using Postman? 
🔟 How to set up custom headers in Postman? 

Git: 
1️⃣ What are the different stages in committing the code to GitHub? 
2️⃣ Is it possible to revert changes in a remote repository? If yes, how? 
3️⃣ When do you commit your code? After committing, how do you validate that everyone has the updated code? 
4️⃣ How to merge stashed changes in a local repository? 
5️⃣ Why do we need a `.gitignore` file? How do you add files to it? 

TestNG: 
1️⃣ What is the execution format of tests in TestNG? 
2️⃣ Can priority be negative for methods? If yes, what is the execution flow as per priority? 
3️⃣ What is the difference between `dependsOnMethods` and `dependsOnGroups`? 
4️⃣ What are the different ways to exclude tests in TestNG? 
5️⃣ What does `threadPoolSize` mean in TestNG, and how does it work? 
6️⃣ Why do we need `@BeforeSuite` and `@AfterSuite` annotations? 
